
<p>Look, I get the whole belief of separatism by race. I used to believe the same a few years ago. Then I realized that I had been taught the behavior of hate through my environment and the media. Ethnic separation is detrimental to society. Not so much ethnic separation in of itself, but when it becomes applied into nationalism. The existence of separate nation states in general is a threat to the human race. Why would an organism fight with itself? Now personally, I would not mate with a non-white person. But why should my personal decisions be forced upon others as well? For a society to work, we must get rid of our egos and figure out how we can best benefit ourselves as a whole. It is a violation of human rights to have such oppressive state police forces under a fascist system. In a true working system, everyone must be equally armed, so as not to allow one small group to seize power over the society.</p>
<p>Ok I guess my main question is, why do you see other races as detrimental to a society that you exist in? It is a fact that blacks and Hispanics in America are usually of very low income. However, don't you think that maybe, just maybe, that is a result of what the capitalist system has purposefully done to them through imperialist ventures? And ensuring measures to keep them stupid and keep them at the bottom of society? Sure, you could argue that whites conquered because they were naturally more intelligent and competent, but I don't think that's the case. Europe simply saw the differences in their society versus, say African society, as so vast that Europe saw them as uncivilized freaks from day one. Now, I will admit, Africa is absolutely embarrassing in its archaic belief systems such as their weird freak religions. However, Europe was seized by Christianity for a long time, even plummeting it into the Dark Ages. I just don't see how other races are less human when we can easily point to barbaric practices of white people as well as every other ethnicity.</p>
