
<p>Yes, but it depends on where you are in the service. I can only tell about my experience in the Army, you'd have to hit up the Marines and Navy guys for their input. The Army can be divided between two kinds of jobs: non-combat and combat. Non-combat jobs typically have units that are the least disciplined, the least motivated, and the least competent. Non-combat units also tolerate less horseplay and less "shit talk," which makes non-PC misogynistic and/or racist jokes a serious issue. They also happen to be units with the largest percentage of non-Whites (another reason why political correctness is an issue). I've seen units of mechanics, of admin, even of communications that were majority non-White. Combat units on the other hand, are overwhelmingly White. While the Army itself might be 70-75% White, combat units - especially Infantry- tend to be upwards of 85-95% percent White, depending on where you classify Caucasoid Hispanics. These units are the complete opposite of what I described above. They're one of the last places in our system of government where it is still acceptable to publicly be as sexist, racist, and discriminatory as you want (so long as a non-combat officer doesn't hear you!). It's not a wonder that an institution like that attracts its fair share of fascists, nationalists, and far-right conservatives (like preppers, militia, etc.).</p>
<p>In my unit (infantry) I've met quite a few rightists - some openly NS, lots of neo-Nazis, others just nationalists, others red-pilled conservatives, others blue-pilled militiamen, even a couple Mormon extremists. You see plenty "of our kind" in the combat arms. But you have to be careful about it, Military Police are always watching and always eager to enforce the ban on extremist activity by military personnel. A good way people in the military find other rightists is to simply wear a shirt with some obscure fascist logo. I met my good buddy at a brigade luncheon when he noticed the Totenkopf on my shirt. On most bases you can see the occasional right-wing symbol. Sun wheel there, 88 here, Mussolini's face over there, a Templar cross tattoo. The symbols of SS units are especially common, even on things as public as cars, flags, and helmets.</p>
<p>What I'm trying to get across here is that, yes, there are lots of fascists in the military. But only in some parts and almost always in secret. It's extremely dangerous to be openly political. Even two hardcore NS might be worried about speaking politics amongst themselves. When my company commander mentions that "this country needs a beer hall putsch and some brownshirts", I know this is something he would not say in front of his superiors, even if his superiors have said similar things.</p>
