
<p>There's really not that much difference between Wodenism, Druids and Babylonian and Sumerian thought, they're not opposed to each other but I do see where you're coming from about Shintoism, lol. Polytheism is a lot more flexible and doesn't require slave like  dedication but the influence is there. Mainly I just concentrate on the sun because 1. you atleast know it's there and exists 2. it gives life to everything, the world literally revolves around it. Whatever God created the world is of little concern to me, the principles are what matter to me. The mesopotamian as well as European Gods appealed because of the advanced workings of it. The legal codes, the structures, the dedication, the nationalism. I'm into the Babylonian, Sumerian and Zoroastrian religions because they were the original religions where the most influence comes from and I believe that we as a people had our origins in the Middle East and not Africa; this would make sense when you follow back the historical and genetic record. Of course we differ now because tribes split off, microevolution took place in accord with the climates and breeding practices, the way ethnic groups and races become distinct from one another. But we link back to the middle east, a common origin. The Sumerians were without a doubt white people.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>It seems obvious that theism is a necessity for any thriving society and to keep people in line and encourage them. When you've worked with geneticists, anthropologists and evolutionary psychologists who like to chime in with their own biased bullshit, have a concensus on an idea or display the biggest arrogance you could ever come across and be unable to let go of an idea when its proven wrong it leaves you bitter against atheism, especially when they change the facts to fit the theory or use semantics to weasel out of admitting they were wrong. Religion offers real socialization and interaction; charity, fertility, good work and serving a purpose (god, nation and fellow man). All of these go hand in hand with the principles of fascism without even needing to mention it. Not to mention I believe in God(s) anyway. A lot of them are in underlying in the framework of christianity, but they are watered down and half truths. By the time people get sick of being told they can't sterilize Gypsies by force or see any difference between white ethnic groups in Christ (no equality of any kind exists) they'll be looking into paganism before they even read the passages in the NT about salvation originating with the Jews and being for the Jew first and then the non-Jew.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>I think I'll just not get into religious debates any more or maybe occassionally keeping the act up, or will switch between accounts now and then (the pashto one is mine) if I get the time. Religion makes people radical; most people won't make the jump straight to paganism so you have to work with something which they know and can relate to a little bit, which is christianity. "If Jesus approves then it must be okay".</p>
