
<p>I am moderately racially inclined, so the NS view strikes home with me a bit.  Between what you said about the Third Worlders being wastes of resources and the fact that the most successful nations internally are racially homogenous I believe it is best if we stick to our own kind.</p>
<p>I am not sure if I would go so far as to say we are entering the era of the Luddite.  In my experience, the leftist "back to land" schemes are more motivated by anti-corporate and anti-agribusiness sentiments.  Due to their remote location abandoning technology happens, but more many participants it is grudgingly sacrificed, as opposed to happily discarded.  I have no first or second-hand experience with survivalists, but I feel like we could make common cause with their martial virtues.  It would seem to me that only the most tin foil would view technology with hostility or suspicion, as opposed to viewing it pragmatically.  So while most of these people may ideal the noble savage, you only need to remind them that the life expectancy was even thirty back then and they realize, "Yeah, <em>Into the Wild</em> was a cool movie, but living in a civilization where a broken leg is not a death sentence is cooler."     </p>
<p>You are correct that there is a lot of skepticism surrounding technology, but nothing is free of skepticism today.  For about twenty years after the end of the Second World War, the capitalists played a delicate game of balance.  Then in the late Seventies and especially Eighties the global elite got greedy and stupid.  As we both know, only the most stupid and stubborn GOP or Dem activist would believe that a new day is about to dawn in America.  The only way the parties can motivate people to vote is by casting the opposing party as the boogeyman, but that (along with the constant state of manufactured crisis) are growing old for Americans.  Our main goal is to harness this disillusionment before it becomes acceptance.  I'd say that in relation to the Fascist Golden Age of the 30's, we are in the 1880's.  Our tools are not political parties or gangs, but social groups, reading circles, idea shops like this forum.  So I would encourage you to move away from pragmatism.  The movement is not being built now, the ideology is.</p>
