
<p>Thank you for the welcome message. I am under enormous stress here because I got a very tricky project in a new 5 star hotel, hardscaping to swimming pool area and finishes to a spa, around 350K. The Consultant, from Thailand, has passed the consultancy to a local company, the budget has overshot and they are changing marble floors and wall cladding to tiles, marble copings reduced from 5o mm to 20 mm thick, wall panelling in the spa with vinyl wallpaper. The structures have been made for the original thicknesses of the finishes, they don't want thick beddings to compensate the difference, it is a mess, the infinity edge level cannot be changed and so on. On top of that unreliable suppliers of material and labour, I had to throw out two times so called marble fixers that were not able to cut properly a mitred joint. Anyway...</p>
<p>
The concept of Feder was not far from what was done in Italy, big capital using their lobbying managed to marginalise him. Big capital is much stronger today because of deregulations, very volatile products like derivatives and so on. My feeling is that it streched it too far and the peoples will wake up. First Greece where they do not have the money even for the compulsory vaccinations for the children and next Itly. I follow the Italian political situation, where there already is the strong tradition of the Movimento Sociale Italiano and I can see that the right is re-grouping, they are trying to revive Alleanza Nazionale, unfortunately there are personal frictions with the Fratelli D'Italia already in Parliament and Senate. I think that things must go worse first in order to go better later. The N.S. economics could be implemented in a new surrounding but, as discussed, with the vermin seriously trimmed.</p>
<p>
Maybe you are not aware but the beaurocrats from Brussels forced countries to stop cultivating different species of fruit and vegetable because they cannot be standardised as per shape and weight and on the other hand due to lax controls the market is flooded by fruit and vegetable of uncertain origin.</p>
