
<p>If it isn't too much to ask, what country and more importantly, when will you be back? I miss the good stuff, but I feel like internet times are going to be over soon, I am trying to set myself up back in the homeland, and in light of that I will probably have a hiatus for a while too. Honestly I feel like this whole internet autism and general social apathy, addiction to distractions of a culture is going to come down soon and shit's going to get real. I feel like I'm going to need to take a side in this conflict, simply so that being a part of it I can see things unravel and understand more, even though I don't strongly feel with either side.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>The 9 and 10 is really worst in western and especially anglo-saxon countries. I have pieced together what I have been thinking for a long time, that society is implicitly organized by the enemy albeit in a decentralized way, especially things like lack of self-confidence but more importantly, inability to conceive of morality and thus criticize. Even weird occurrences like this forum or satanism to an extent have as their foundation logic that originally subverted the society, and supported whatever trends emerge. Rereading the protocols (attentively) was really instructive. I am left with two observations though 1 the system will not collapse 'just because.' what Hitler wanted; national labor backed by fiat capital, is effectively in place but replaced with slave labor. no trend ala instability or too much debt will actually make it collapse, since the enemy can ruthlessly suppress it and keep the masses blind. As in, Zion will be facilitated if we continue to be inactive. 2 There really can't be a single jewish archetype. It is easy to construct a plan since things seems so organized, but in reality it is just their instinct; if there was really a central organization so effective and secretive it would've already succeeded with all the power it weilds. What this indicates is, they are still trying to construct it, and the jews do not have such a perfectly streamlined organization or even such perfectly streamlined certainty. things are still to a great extent in the air. thoughts?</p>
