
<p>UKIP is a party with potential firstly because it is independent rather than right, secondly because it is not filled with either heil larries or the snakeoil salesmen that usually fill up not only right parties but machine (urban) politics in general. It could do big things if it would stop apologizing and conceding to the system and simply launch its platform aggressively like any regular party, and stop with all the inconsistencies/contradictions. If they keep dancing to the system's music they will be in the worst of both worlds, banning good people from both extremes for perceived goy biscuits.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>blacks are obviously kept down by today's system as much as anyone else, and I have actually noticed that there is probably even more 'liberal degeneration' among them than whites,it is just the few alpha niggers are way more confident and have racial pride to boot. Really the blacks have to be shattered as a community in order for zog's whole thing to work because they are the jews' flagship campaign that is supposed to include jews among the main empathic humanists.if they had normal thinking people they really couldn't be for long, and they would be campaigining on the basis of those articles (which I've read b4 btw) as an organized force, like the BHI but without the israelism (which, you have to agree, is fucking retarded.) I have seen countless faggot ass, half-jew half-spic beta autist pokemon watching niggers that cling to the civil rights mantra to the point where even their gay white friends aren't afraid to openly laugh at it. When I was a teenager living in the burbs I was curious enough to make a few black friends, needless to say they always tried to ride the "i'm black so i'm bad and you can'tsay anything cuz dat racis" thing for maximum points. One day (7th grade) I just decided to say this one kid owed me money and push him around until he gave me it, and he was stupid enough to do it.. that same kid told me that to be fair, all white people have to be enslaved to black "kcept fo u kuz u kool." The same year, niggers being obscene, I got so pissed off I stabbed my pencil almost clean though one's hand (different kid). I guess the point is mainly that they are more full of themselves and hot air then they are actually normal or cool, and eventually that arms them with the confidence while white kids eat boogers in the corner. I tried to explain this to Americans, and even a few good black wrestlers that I knew tried to explain it to them, but by then it is already an assimilated neurosis.normal white dudes who don't suffer from that, whom might have to do more to make money but still make it more than blacks, are probably way better off in terms of getting other races pussy and living thug lyfe. go to any keg or rave, you will be lucky to see 1 or 2 blacks, maybe in the city you will see at most 10-20, and they'll be talking thier asses off about how "black" they are 100% of the time. in that sense <u><strong>black racism is more real than white racism</strong></u> because they genuinely fixate their entire identity, and still lose out on that, which the jews made up for them to fit within their framework. whites really could care less and would want to forget racial  issues entirely, the only thing preventing them from doing so being anti-white antagonism. Europeans fixate on national identity and culture, which is even better. blacks all have a collective complex around bein blaq, which is why it is so easy to predict their behavior, and so easy for the jews to maneuver them into subcultures that oppose their own racial independence and freedom, which would involve not blaming whitey for everything and not thinking big diq &amp;jordinz is the solution to all problems.</p>
