
<p>As far as i know, according to wikipedia, his ideology is the adaptation of Marxism-Leninism into a Vietnamese Context. However, i don't see him as some communist. He was a Socialist yes, but he was also a Nationalist. If he really was a true Communist, he could've said "Vietnam shall be a firewood to the Revolution", and he would've completely removed the Vietnamese character of Vietnam, replacing it with an Internationalist character.</p>
<p>Also compare South Vietnam to North Vietnam. First of all, SV, esp. Saigon, was full of Decadence, and the soldiers there were already demoralized, not to mention there was prostitution, though the decadence of SV appeared in Modern Vietnam. Compare that to NV, which had a reason for fighting, namely to unite their fatherland and to rid their country of American/Liberal Imperialism.</p>
<p>I cannot say much about Ho Chi Minh's idea, because he did not specify or detailed his ideas. Nevertheless, he saved Vietnam from Colonialism, Liberalism and Capitalism, though he'd be rolling in  his grave if he sees Modern Vietnam. It's got the Decadence of SV. Hell why do you think i said of an alliance with DPRK and Vietnam? Because both countries fought Liberalism and Colonialism. DPRK did not like the stalker mode of PRC and USSR (DPRK government asked citizens to be on a lookout on PRC and USSR spies, not to mention that the pro-USSR/pro-PRC faction in the WPK was destroyed. Ho Chi Minh did not like Trotscum, and did not like the conservatives. He only asked help from PRC and USSR, economy/defence wise. His government did the same thing, ask protection the USSR, alone, since they saw that the Chinese were attacking Vietnam (1979 war), but it wasn't the "Russians, send us your guys!" If they were communists, the Chinese would've refrained from attacking the Vietnamese, who were attacking the Khmer Rouge. </p>
<p>BTW, National Capitalism is an oxymoron. Maybe there can be a bit of capitalism (some capital and private property). I can understand if Natcap still believes in National Capitalism, i don't care (though i do hate the concept of National Capitalism, not just destroys environment, but also the nation). Fascist Capitalism does not exist. Fascism said of being Anti-Cappie and Anti-Commie, so SweetCheeks (Fascap's speshul name, when he called a forum member named With Hate As My Sword "Sweet Cheeks"), is a total idiot already, starting with his name.</p>
