<p>Alright. So, what I was saying basically is. Rather than organizing with a center, and then a street movement. We start out with just the hard line of the group, who goes out for activism. (Which gets into what I was talking about how we need to start on the streets, that way we build a name and get more people who can then be used for the center type stuff.) And, rather than promote. And rather than having a bunch of different wings, we say that the community is inherently a battle ground of ideology, and we ought to assert ourselves there as everywhere else. Think about how the PLA in China during the war were told they should help with people's farms, every soldier was a worker who was largely stripped of rank. This built a connection with the people. Or how the Anarchists in Spain would read political theory to the illiterate peasants during mass meetings, to teach them about political struggle. These can all be essentially Fascists ways of organizing, which builds a warrior/military mythos around the hard active core. (And what man does not enjoy such a feeling as being a part of a militarized group who is involved in these things?) And then, from this hard core, they go out and build into the community as is possible in there area. Blood drives, soup kitchens, neighborhood defense leagues, book reading circles, trash cleaning, work out groups, community meetings, rallies etc etc etc. Making every fascist try and become an important part in his community. (Building on the Fascist lifestyle idea). So essentially, you have a hard political vanguard which is connected to the masses of people in a plethora of ways. So people are left with "Oh, well Joe is a racist nazi, but he helped me clean my house when the government threatened to evict me so I kind of like him". So, what I propose is a hard core of the movement, from which we build out in any grand number of directions.  <br /><br />So you have this group. American Providence, National Providence or whatever. Which is a street movement of politically active Fascists. Who go out and organize, demonstrate and agitate. And from there, this group opens up history lessons. Or opens up a fitness group at the local rec center. Or opens up a neighborhood watch, a drug watch, a soup kitchen, a group of street cleaners. people who grow food for their area Etc. All of which can include more than just people of our political wing, but encourage the average community member to work alongside with trained disciplined Fascists who put these things together. Giving us a mass of supporters, building our connection to the people. And giving us a chance to get more core members for those who really get our message. Red pilling on a community scale. The seeds of autonomy and succession. </p>