
<p>If anyone were entirely correct, would they be mortal? It bothers me how much of human knowledge consists of models and assumptions. As far as that professor goes, there's harsh but fair and then there's... psycho. Maybe it was the will of the gods you didn't take that class. Have you been to the Southwest? I lived there a while, and the desert is certainly beautiful- scorpions not so much.</p>
<p>
Nice! And good on him. Can't imagine the textbooks for PG are crammed with full-colour illustrations and useful slang. Are farmers Aryan? As a lot of stuff happened in the Fertile Crescent, I assumed the early farmers were Semites. They could have migrated there later tho. What do you think? I want to do something in politics first (hopefully more stirring up the people than dealing with slimy old moneybags), but eventually settling down to a homestead with children and chickens is the end goal. Chickens, man. I've never kept them, but they're soft and will eat anything, so can't be a stressful life. What are you studying now, and are you planning on getting involved in politics? Pretty sure you're down for the race war. Cold and bears? That's a real step up from rain and badgers. Won't ask your reasons, but being wanted for murder and currently living under a false name hopefully plays no part.</p>
<p>
Anyone who calls Hitler an idiot have obviously never read a single thing he's written. A new hobby of mine is getting people to agree to his arguments quoted almost word for word without realising it. Liberals are surprisingly susceptible. What do you think of the occult and trying to control/work with the forces at work in the world? My hair was too reddish from the beginning to ever go dishwater-y, so I see it as a bit of a curiosity, especially when light brown hair is almost so ashy it's grey. Witchcraft, that is! Sorry I answered so late, by the way. It's been insane. You'd be pleased to know I was in a production of the Canterbury Tales, but alas, with little Middle English. How has your week been?</p>
