
<p>i dont think the gods are mortal, but then again most are supposed to die at ragnarok! but they seem to just come back anyways, at least baldr and thor. I had an english professor who said we know that jesus wasnt white because white people didnt exist 2000 years ago. its astounding they let these fucking people have jobs in education lol. im thinking of moving just to get slightly better college but it seems pretty bad across the whole country. Ive visited yeah, lots of scoprions. we have those and camel spiders where I live, its hell hahaha. I think youre right as far as the first farming and cultivating happening in the fertile cresent, I guess farmers are just aryan compared to most modern lifestyles. there were aryans involved with some of the first fertile cresent cultures though, at least the persians were aryans. that would be a good goal for you. I dont think I could ever get involved directly in politics, too eccentric. Ive always wanted to raise livestock too, mostly chickens, goats, maybe cows or something else. having a garden would be nice as well. im definitely down for the race war, if thats what youre asking! ive been preparing for years. i dont mind rain, 40 below zero is certainly different than what im use to however. its definitely nothing like that lol, just personal issues with my family. hes very well written yes, and explains things better than any modern politician. i used to do the same thing, like quoting hitler and saying it was just some activist who said it. you would be surprised how many people will say it was a great quote. its pretty interesting, not entirely sure if I believe in all of it yet. its worth studying just because of its connections to the past, for me. what are your eyes? mine are dark blue. its no problem, we all have busy lifes haha. that sounds pretty interesting! im taking an illustration class this year and we have to make a drawing a day, so ive been churning them out alot. been busy with it, but im starting to improve at least. have any luck meeting friend fascists?</p>
<p> </p>
<p>you said you used to live in the midwest, do you regularly visit the united states?</p>
