<p>
	Great. So yeah, I figured that the situation with firearms is pretty widespread across the EU, with most laws being extremely tough on firearms. I currently reside in the United States so I actually own guns and get to shoot them. I've done some pretty hard research on loopholes with laws in Poland. I plan on first serving in the US Marine Corp for 4 years before I move back to Poland, but the long term aim is essentially creating a paramilitary group in a legal fashion. Considering most Eastern NATO countries think Russia is a "large threat", Poland has passed laws allowing the formation and compensation of militia and paramilitary groups, and has also granted them the option of integrating into the Polish Army. Part of my worldview is that I believe every young man should serve in the Military. I'm definitely not a fan of US politics or our wars for Israel, but I think the USMC will provide me the experience and mindset to create such an organization. A few people in my group are actually about to start serving in the Straz Graniczna (Polish Armed Border Guards) and 1 member is former US Army National Guard. This is a long term plan for all of us, but it is the most logical one. We are doing nothing illegal, in fact, all of us will be working government jobs. I've noticed how Far-Right groups in Europe get compromised all the time, whether its Jobbik, ONR, Golden Dawn, Right Sector, etc. I think groups like this have a more flashy and scenic aim and don't really get much done. Its just bravado. Like; "look at us we're fascists". Group mindset isn't a bad thing, but I feel like these groups just attract lost causes. I want professionals, a team of leaders. Like Arkan's Tigers. State sponsored, legal, and respected. Part of my desire for my own group is to relay with other like minded groups in friendly European countries. My group is only for people who believe in God, in fact, I do not tolerate atheists, just like the SS didn't. I think now is the perfect time for real Nationalists to be doing this, because if we ever get the opportunity, our groups will serve actual purpose in defending our nations and families. I look for reasonable people on here, but its sometimes hard especially on political forums since they either get bored or agitated. But if you do have potential candidates, start training with them. Things like running, camping, bushcraft, workouts, cooking, survivalism, are all easy hobbies and an alternative to just shooting firearms.
</p>