
<p>Certainly, though to explain the idea in full detail properly, it will take a little bit of explaining on other matters. </p>
<p>First, I wish to create a strong State founded on nationalism and civic responsibility, with a centralized government overseeing matters of public affairs. In this State, everyone does their part to provide for the State as a whole, and works with the government to do so. Citizenship in the State is dependent on service: You cannot become a Citizen, unless you accept the contract of citizenship, and serve 3 years in the National Guard. In the Guard, one receives training, job skills, discipline, and works to protect our borders, and fulfill civic responsibilities. Upon completion of your service, you become a citizen, with all of the rights, benefits, and responsibilities that entails according to your citizenship contract.</p>
<p>Now, in this State, the necessities of life and society such as food, water, shelter, basic clothing, medical care, power, education, public transportation, etc, are nationalized, and produced collectively by the State, in order to provide for the needs of the citizens. Everything else non-essential is handled by private markets, and people are free to pursue improving their financial situation, so long as it is voluntary, non-violent, and lawful.</p>
<p>Now we get to the welfare state part of this. In accordance to the citizenship contract, each citizen shares responsibilities to the State, and in return gain benefits of the State, in this case, those citizens that are productive and benefit the State through their actions and efforts will receive provision of necessities, such as a home, basic food, medical care, etc. This means in order to receive necessities, a citizen must first either be employed privately, or otherwise part of the public work force. </p>
<p>So, in this system, we see a Welfare State where in order to even be a part, you must prove your dedication and worth through military service, and then actively work to improve the State, and in return your needs are seen to by the State as a whole. No one is propped up, but rather the citizens work to provide for themselves, their energy and efforts multiplied by the State. </p>
<p>On a separate note, something like this might soon be necessary. While the idea that there are always jobs available is around, the simple fact is that due to rising technology and innovations, we are seeing the beginning of the age where there is infact not enough jobs to go around, not the way the system is organized. Capitalists can achieve the same level of production and profit with less labor, which means less jobs. And so long as we live in a society where necessities are a commodity to be produced and sold for profit, we will see this continue as people fight one another for jobs in order to work as many hours as they can individually to survive. In such a system as I describe, one would have no need to work 40 or more hours a week, as one works in order to improve their situation, not survive, and as such we would see more people working shorter shifts, with completely different wages (as there would be little to no cost of living). This, in addition to the formation of a public work force, would ensure that there was enough jobs to go around.</p>
