
<p>I think there's some truth to that. It's more to do with the history it played in their nations too. Protestantism was a huge success in Britain and America, whereas the Southern and Central Europeans are unfortunately tied to catholicism. Their tradition is of their clergy and their papacy which is illegitimate and is decried by god and christ in the bible. Protestantism is minimalistic but that's a good thing. A heirarchy still exists in protestantism, but more emphasis is put on god and his tradition which is more rich, rather than a popes or a priests. People hear the word tradition and jizz their pants over it, when in actual fact it's often a quite progressive "tradition". I think most catholics dream of crusades again, but that will never happen because the catholic church has denounced them and will not be doing any more now or in the near future. It has become the most liberal denomination of all, but these are issues I leave off the forum out of respect, as long as catholics don't attack protestantism.</p>
<p>There are aesthetics in protestantism but it's not idolatarous or over the top. If for example you got to google images and type in presbyterian churches you'll see what I mean.</p>
<p>I've done tiling work in an Orthodox church in Ukraine before, it was a big contract, and it required me to travel there twice to finish the job off. There's more satisfaction in helping build a church than there ever could be in any "futuristic" skyscraper project. I always refused work projects and contracts in Dubai because I'm not a big fan of that architecture, I've always thought it was tacky.</p>
<p>I worked as an assistant to a geneticist and a statistician as a first job, starting off doing it voluntarily and learning along the way (a sure fire way to get into a job is to do it for free at first) and then self-employment as a tiler (starting with doing small jobs on my days off with my sister's boyfriend). Out of the two I definitely prefered the tiling, it gave me a lot more satisfaction and it made me a lot more money. I've done other jobs since then, but I made a recent return to tiling so I can work on my terms and whenever I need to. I take a lot of time out to spend it with family.</p>
