
<p>The ideology known as National Integralism or Thirdism is a uniquely British concept and is not inspired by Catholic Integralism or from Plínio Salgados Brazilian Integralism; the ideology does not hold the extreme separatist racial views found within some forms of ethno-Integralism or other ethno-nationalist groups. Thirdism is however extremely nationalist, meritocratic and technocratic in nature and is considered populist by its supporters. The name Integralism was adopted because it is all encompassing, and complete. However the ideologies actual name is Thirdism but is seldom used.</p>
<p>Ok I am going to tell you something that will get me banned if you tell the admins or anybody else in this forum actually. I created modern British Integralism Those people on this forum calling themselves Integralists almost all used to belong to my organisation. It was called the Integralist Party. Ben was my deputy leader, everything went south and he ended up taking over the party from me, which I was partly to blame for, but hey shit happens. We left each other's company on bitter terms, which still have not changed, hence if you tell anybody that I am on this forum I will be banned no doubt and bad mouthed. However after some time and reflection I revamped my ideology and moved away from the direction Ben was taking his new movement, I don't believe in his ideas or how he is running the movement. The ideology and its image have also changed under their new leadership in a direction I don't like. This is one of the reasons I am fading out the use of the name Integralism for Thirdism within my new party. If you want to know what real National Integralism is go to my site www.twpp.org.uk and join our forum, I would appreciate it if you do to do this secretly as I can't be bothered for more agro with the other lot. I don't know if you believe what I say is true but it is. If you want a genealogy of how I came to Integralism I would be happy to write it all down for you.</p>
<p>You can msm me on ism1922@hotmail.com for further conversation.</p>
<p>Ps, when Ben wrote in the post: besides whatever my group has put out there I am not aware of any other contemporary usage. He knows we have a usage but he felt he did not want you to know that, in fact I had a usage when he was still a young communist.</p>
