
<p>Just a heads up to let people know I ain't dead, but it'll be a while before I start posting here publicly again if ever. Long story short, I pulled a pyramid scheme on a business owner in a nearby city to get some cash and my dumb cunt of a GF couldn't keep her mouth shut so I've done a runner and am in a better part of the world now. Needless to say I don't know if she's mentioned anything to anyone about me posting on this site, although she is aware of it so that's the reason I'm not posting at the moment, just in case. Tor aside, I don't want to jeopardize too much and I'd advise a few other members here to be on guard for any pigs which might be snooping around.Just wanna say I like your recent posts on race and ethnicity - I'm wondering how long it will take people to realize hating on other races just because is unproductive and plays right into their hands and does a disservice to any ideology. I'm not saying people shouldn't avoid groups of niggers or have their racial knowledge in their subconscious but to lump the exceptions (which there are enough of) in with the rest of them isn't productive. I've worked with enough blacks who scorn the nigger way of life and for all intents and purposes act loyal to a nation and are easy to get on with. Sure enough they're not white and they're not true nationals but I believe they should be held to the same standards as everyone else regardless of if they can inherently make it or not - nobody can say they weren't given a fair chance then. Most of them choose to remain in relationships with fellow smart blacks too. The problem with miscegenation is primarily a problem with trash of each race with very few exceptions - most people don't date outside their race and if you took away the media &amp; kike influence and social tolerance it would be cut down to probably 0.5% of cases for all relationships (it's still going to inevitably happen if you allow tourism and keep non-whites in the nation - which will be a reality for a while - let's be honest). You wouldn't need miscegenation laws in place if it wasn't a common occurrence and if the social attitudes to it were less than favourable.As for immigration - Work permits work fine. We're correct in our convictions that there is a lack of quality in "non-whites" in proportion to "whites" so proper screening will only allow a small amount in anyway for a temporary time limit. Illegal immigrants just need to be rounded up and sent back to where they came from which is easy to determine by DNA testing and some research.At the end of the day what I am saying is that anybody who values white trash over a useful, friendly and community driven nigger is a moron and is driven not by love of their race but blind hate of others. I hate to say the "liberal" cliche but it's true. This isn't a call to force mixing or accept it though.Pretty interesting case about that to put things into perspective too - </p>
<blockquote data-ipsquote="" class="ipsQuote"><div>
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hans_Massaquoi" rel="external nofollow">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hans_Massaquoi</a>The daily life of the young Massaquoi was remarkable. He was one of the few mixed race children in Nazi Germany, and like most of the other children his age, he thought about joining the Hitler Youth.[1] There was a school contest to see if a class could get a 100% membership of the jungvolk and Massaquoi's teacher devised a chart on the black board which showed who had joined and who had not, and as this was filled in after each person joined it made Massaquoi feel left out and he recalled saying, "But I am German...my Mother says I'm German just like anybody else".[2]He then convinced his mother to let him join the jungvolk. He went to register at the nearest office but he faced hostility.As a non-Aryan, Massaquoi was unable to pursue a professional career and instead was encouraged by his mother to embark on an apprenticeship with a view to becoming an expert machinist. A few months before finishing school, Massaquoi was required to attend a government-run job centre where his assigned vocational counsellor was Herr von Vett, a member of the SS. Upon seeing the 'telltale black SS insignia of dual lightening bolts in the lapel of his civilian suit'[3], Massaquoi expected humiliation. Instead he was surprised when he was greeted with 'a friendly wink', offered a seat and asked to present something which he had made. After presenting von Vett with an axe and discussing his experience in running a local blacksmith shop, Massaquoi was surprised to be informed that he could 'be of great service to Germany one day' because there would be a great demand for technically trained Germans, who would go to Africa, and train and develop an African workforce when Germany reclaimed its African colonies.[4] Before Massaquoi left the interview, von Vett invited him to shake his hand which was another source of confusion to Massaquoi. </div></blockquote>Pretty funny I couldn't find anything on Metapedia about it too.Most "racialists" don't get the healthy balance and I think you've realized it.One final passing comment on the issue of WF and BM interracialism - when you sometimes see those 10/10 women with big black niggers it is 95% the white man's fault, they're too pussy to go up to and talk to her or even make eye contact with her so she never gets picked up by them. They're too busy hitting on easy 6s &amp; 7s and have inflated egos because they get hit on more and think they're better than they really are. The niggers have a lot more exaggerated confidence and will hit on the 9s &amp; 10s more and chances are they'll get them because they're the few who are hitting on these women. The clue - white man needs to start aiming higher.Keep it real.