
<p>I agree with you, Kevin MacDonald's theories are along the same lines too - Jews are what they are, super gypsies as I call them. Jews wish they had all the power and that's why they push for multiculturalism and encourage decay in principles, it makes it easier for their neurotic asses to blend in and be accepted and avoid persecution. They used to stick out like a sore thumb but now are indistinguishable from most "white" anti-fa queers and Marxist intellectuals. Make no mistake they want power and they're willing to use as many idiots as they possibly can to get it.</p>
<p>I know what you mean about this site too. I like it but there are probably a handful of members I'd say are sincere fascists and just "have it in them", in my opinion they are you, Torquemada, Goyles, Myrrysmies and I'd say Alex if we put aside his abundant love for Evola and mental gymnastics to deny Jewish Bolshevism. I don't know what happened to Talleyrand but he had potential too and I started to like him - great sense of humour.</p>
<p>I'm in Venezuela but am going to be doing a tour of South America; would love to go to Peru. I'll give it another month or 2 before I start posting again. Don't think I'll be going back to the UK if I can help it; got everything I need out here - my daughter, income, white enough looking women with big asses and juicy tits; basically all the material needs and the spiritual stuff comes with the clean break.  My experiences with 9-10 western women has been slightly different but hey, it ended up being a 9 who couldn't keep her mouth shut and dropped me in hot water. Western princesses have no right to say shit to any man who shags women of other races. Top notch game or not - white women are nothing special <strong>anymore</strong>, they lose their right on the pedestal until they do their part too. It's not falling into the Jew's crap, it's not putting up with a bitch's crap. Make them work for the D.</p>
<p>I was banned a few years ago for going to the exaggerated extreme end but I stand by what I said, the younger they are the better and the pay off for being their guidance and rock is best, if you stay together and even if you don't she's still learned a lot. As soon as a female reaches 14-15 years old they are fair game. I've been with enough women to tell you that they don't mature any more after 16 years old, they only learn how to take instructions more. It's taboo and people still get shocked when I say it but it's the truth and I'll never buy into the weird pseudo-puritan outlook Americans and my fellow Anglos have begun to take on it. Never believed it when I was a horny and adventurous teenager myself and I don't now. After that women just coming into their mid 30s are decent too.</p>
<p>I'd wager a good portion of the people throwing the word "degenerate" around have no lives and become part of the movement because they think they'll get women "on the day of the rope" for being victorious. In an ironic way they're the most self-interested weirdos of the lot and they're people I want no part of. Jew hating brown people who make the best of what they have have more in common with me than these people do.</p>
