
<p>S America is cool, you should visit watcher and camil they are chill as fuck. I would love to visit it someday and probably will way later in life. Good luck to you man, I don't mean to think foreign women are some sort of innocent perfect nymphs but they're definitely less neurotic, more stable and calm, and know their place more than enough if you can keep yours. What you say about young girls is for the most part true, the older they get usually the worse, and a girl whose virginity you take (as long as you never allow her to violate your trust, or appear to violate hers) is practically yours forever, if that's what you want. My main objection is that these girls really should go to younger guys that are perhaps a little bit older but never someone over 21, that ruins their youth once they realize how much they sold short. Obviously the ideal to is some sort of love from the first instance but for me that has already been violated, I only don't want to ruin it for another girl.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>This site is cancer for the most part but it also always had potential, and now has even more. We have good activists (Natt, Torq, latvian, leonidas, linkingdeath) as well as plenty of intelligent, thinking people (ben, rintah, celery, NSP, kulturkamph) and then just all around good dudes (torren,plowshares and KU); you're something of a culmination of all three. you know my beef with alex, everything he does is posing and autism, and I don't think that should be allowed in the forum leader, even if my way around that has been kinda retarded. The last instance definitely was ben's fault and he made the dramas happen, but practically everyone hates alex but just enjoy poking fun at me and couldn't do anything about him, I remember anyway I was pretty bad even one to two years ago. He might improve but I doubt it, he still walks around in that silly uniform, and as far as I know he doesn't even have anywhere to walk anymore and just films himself sperging to vidyageam all day. He is doing a meetup with KU and Natt, and I am thinking they only agreed to it to give him a reality check. hopefully it is for the better, and I don't mean to be an internettoughguy but were I or any normal Eastern Europe nationalist to meet him irl he would get his fucking mongol face knocked in for the arrogance. The site in general will definitely improve, especially if the edgy "look at me, I can say 'nigger'!" shit comes to an end, and we launch some more projects like National Action more oriented against kikes/thesystem and serious platforms than trying to be edgy. I am working on my own Ukrainian-American aliyah type thing, but it needs way more people, and it is generally a personal and not political.</p>
<p> </p>
<p>As for the jews it is about time we started calling them out. The real potential is that with anti-Zionism we can reach a truly huge mainstream audience and not be restricted to the classical constraints of us being reactionaries. I know it sounds newrightey and that most reactionaries are definitely more sound thinkers than liberals, but they are equally useless and irrelevant as to practical solutions and real politics. This sort of thing could really gain traction, the main slogan would be "jews are hypocrites and the worst racists than anyone else," it is already what liberals are saying but they are heald down by ideological constraints and crypto or open kikes, we could fucking let it loose. All of this "I'm a vegan because killing is wrong" stuff is air-heady but the moral foundation is sound, when it comes to the all out end of all ends goal someone might have, and there is nothing more you can find contradictory to that moral code than the tanakh and talmud.</p>
