
<p>Just a heads up to let people know I ain't dead, but it'll be a while before I start posting here publicly again if ever. Long story short, I pulled a pyramid scheme on a business owner in a nearby city to get some cash and my dumb cunt of a GF couldn't keep her mouth shut so I've done a runner and am in a better part of the world now. Needless to say I don't know if she's mentioned anything to anyone about me posting on this site, although she is aware of it so that's the reason I'm not posting at the moment, just in case. Tor aside, I don't want to jeopardize too much and I'd advise a few other members here to be on guard for any pigs which might be snooping around.  It's more that I don't trust tor and don't want to aggravate any pig looking for me. At least as far as they know I'm not actively posting on the forum they won't be enticed to look for me.</p>
<p>Before I had to go away, me and a few personal friends (not active on the internet) were in the process of pulling a coup on our regional branches of UKIP because in principle many of their solutions would work on important things like leaving the EU, getting rid of politically correct laws, instituting grammar schools, work permits and better trading options and has a healthy dose of racism with all around banter and relative freedom - it's also not openly pro-faggot like most "libertarian" parties either. The final aim is never to actually get our people into power but to set the right social tone but if we could do that then that's good too but it's highly unlikely.</p>
<p>The BNP is primarily dead because of the people who speak on behalf of it - and I'm talking about the figure heads they use publicly on their website. Griffin for a start and then the gimpy looking kids in the Youth - I don't blame people for being put off by it. Have some self-respect for your image. Masses react on image as shallow as it is. I'm convinced that even if a paedophile was built like a greek god, was witty, charismatic, reasonable and could talk his way around his actions then he could get away with fucking as many kids as possible or atleast attract a shitload of supporters and sympathy - especially if he was fucking women as well.</p>
<p>I haven't been awfully active on the net so I don't know what's going off with NA but I can only wish it the best for the future. Coupled with a choice between UKIP or NA we win either way by making people make a choice by atleast pushing the mainstream out of the picture.</p>
<p>As far as I know my contacts had all intentions of carrying on their influence in UKIP on a regional basis although they've no idea where I am at the moment, just that I'm gone. The more preposterous exposure UKIP gets the less negative effects it will have. Many supporters and voters laugh it off or play along with it. The racists here in Venezuela are coming out of the woodwork into National Socialism more and more, mestizos, mulattoes, tri-racials and whites alike - they're very meritocratic and big on selective breeding. It's amazing what the death of chavez and being left with a shittier situation can do to a people. Even anti-Chavez people gleefully quote his more "anti-semitic" talking points. I expect to see some good things come out of Peru, Argentina and Venezuela over time. The atmosphere is greater here, not to mention the women (I know I know I'm a bad goy race traitor). You get up early here, do some skinning, farming or whatever you do, have an hour and a half off in the afternoon, go back to work until 4 or 5 and depending on how well you did you can take the next day off to chill or do whatever you wish. The outdoor life is brilliant here, tons of waterfalls, national parks, mountains, jungles, breath taking scenes. Easy going besides the traffic. I'll probably reply back to any mail in a couple of days</p>
