
<p>That really is the best way. Steroids are a dime a dozen here and easily available, in fact there are a lot of grey areas in general in Venezuela regarding loopholes in various processes. Let me put it this way, getting into the rough diamond business is easily done in Venezuela where it is extremely difficult in other parts of the world, even Sierra Leone.</p>
<p>National Action have the right idea and it'll definitely help them more if they get to the gym and get others to the gym. I'm going to join a gym here soon as I've got a lot of free time and a fair bit of cash to throw around and I need to get back in shape. The beer is pretty diluted here so most of the time we just get Corona which is a good beer IMO, it's not like drinking a loaf of bread. It was like I was saying to Ben a while back, image is everything, no matter how shallow people think it is as a concept - it's built into us. I said even a prolific paedophile could get an easy ride or even sympathy from a good chunk of society if he was good looking, built like a greek god and charismatic and I don't think I'm far off the mark in saying that.</p>
<p>SHARPS only beat up 16 year olds and old men, they don't fuck with the big guys who are largely right wing. Needless to say the leftists in Venezuela are pretty tough, there are some mean higher up fuckers left over from Chavez's days. I'd go as far as saying they're the old brand and a somewhat respectable enemy, at least one worth taking seriously.</p>
<p>I'm glad to hear things are going well in your neck of the woods. There's no reason boys and girls can't be trained up from the cradle so to speak. I've seen that Romanian 4 year old bodybuilder (NOW 9 AND A WORLD RECORD HOLDER IIRC) as an extreme case of toughness but I can guarantee that boy will get mad respect, will love life and be forever grateful to his father for giving him the opportunity to be such a badass. My daughter has been shooting airsoft guns since she was 5 and she shoots my CZ52 under my supervision now, from the hip and doesn't have bad accuracy for a 7 year old. Trigger disciple is exceptional too, I couldn't be more proud. I can only wish to have some boys later down the line and have them run the playgrounds.</p>
