
<p>I'm a Reactionary Nationalist. I place my views in the Far-Right against Leftism, Socialism, Communism, internationalism and liberalism. As a Conservative I'm against massive changes in society, and I do not like to see Reforms budge even a little. As I believe things should stay the way they are in my nation. However, I'm advocating for a more Authoritarian domestic policty towards immigration, crime, gangs, drugs, degeneracy and cultural marxism/liberalism. I believed that all Illegal Immigrants should be either deported or sold into temporary slavery(until they can earn their citizenship through thrift and hardwork in service of the state), a complete stance on crime such as the declaration of marshal law in the most crime infested area (southern california in particular) aswell as the use of capital punishment even for the most minor of offenses. All gang members should be arrested and sold into temporary slavery, drugs should be banned on the pain of death unless used to for medical reason, and degeneracy and so forth will be removed from television, the education system and so forth. I'm a cultural and moral conservative, as for economics, I'm a Republican quasi-Corporatist. I support a state directed market economy. I continue to support private property, as it continues to be a tradition on my nation. I support the Neo-Imperialistic and aggresive foreign policies of my nation. Also, as a Reactionary I stand by my country and Government to the end, against any threat. If a coup or revolution were to take place in my nation, what ever the ideology, I would be against it. Aslong as the government is legitimate, I shall serve it.</p>
<p>1) I've always been disgusted by Religion. Mainly the Judeo-Abrahamic-Christian religion in particular. Religion breeds ignorance and prevents one from thinking rationaly. The founding fathers of my nation where Deists, Secularists and Agnostics. They did their best to keep this festering disease of religion out of American government and politics. And for a good Reason. As.. for Atheism rejects the existance of god as a fiction devied by man desperate to keep on living despite the inevitability of death. For centuries, Atheists thought presented in fair light were prevented from making their mark on the world due to the Feudal ignorance of organized religious intitutions that existed. The age we live in may seem "Nihilistic" but only in the eyes of christians and believers, in fact, it's existentialist.The true believers of yesterday and the day before have every interest in characterizing the worst and most negative aspects of contemporary life as products of Atheism. For many, religion is their way of life, shaping their morality and ideas through the belief in god rather then lgoic, for many the imposibility of thinking or acting outside their religious sect, which has laws regulating every tiniest detial of daily life, all these things militate against reason and in the favor of submission. It's almost as if religion needs to innocence, lack of education, and ignorance in order to thrive. Religion truley is an opium of the masses. And, perhaps, in this way you can get the slow but ultimate disappearance of the Churches as﻿ institutions of power and mind's conditioning. The individual, as a citizen must be devoted and dedicated only to the requirements of the Stateand its national community, and not to faint and hypothetical ideas of supernatural, also for this reason to wear any elements that are outward signs of religious affiliation should be allowed only to clerics not to ordinary citizens. But this will only happen with a gradual persuasion, not by an act of force, otherwise it risks reinforcing the grip of religion on society, creating more myths and martyrs. yet... religions can't be, unfortunately, easily eradicated, at least in the short term. What I think is important is that Churches and their institutions and their teachings, are always subordinate and subject to the authority of the State, are﻿ deprived of all privileges and destroyed, churches which take away money that could be invested for the needs of people, their teachings and their morals are against the principles of the State, and do not carry out activities for the State. In this way, perhaps in time you can get that religion goes back to being what he always had to be, that is a private matter that concerns the privacy of the individual.		 </p>
<p>2) Yes. Well actully I'm more fond of the Roman Republic then the Empire itself. I believe their form of Government was perhaps their greatest accomplishment. The Senate held the power, and two consuls yearly where elected in office. Although their was a series of civil wars, where an ambitious man would take the office of consul more then twice (Gaius Marius, Julius Caesar, Sulla Felix) with the powers of Dictator. Rome was corrupt however it was less corrupt during the Republic. The Romans at the time where the most advanced and clean people in the world in comparison to the "others". I believe Octavian(Augustus) ruined the Roman Republic by making it an Empire. From there, Rome no longer produced men with Merits but opportunists. The Roman Empire was corrupt and useless. Seriously? Caligula? Nero? Commodus? What kind of the leads did rome produce? These men where no different then the barbarians. As where the Roman Republic produced Pompey Magnus, Cicero, Cato the Younger, Marcus Crassus, Scipio Africanus, Lucius Licinius Lucullus, Quintus Sertorius, Lucius Cornelius Cinna and so forth. But the Roman empire was a shit hole. Yes you can admire the Roman tactics, expansions, soldiers, battles, technological advancements of the empire and so forth but other then that the politics where unstable. The spread of Christianity only made things worse. (Watch the agora). The Roman Republic 2,000 years ago, was more advanced then any country 500 years ago. Which is why when Rome collapsed European civilization was set back for 1000 years in terms of culture and technoligcal advancedment. The Romans studied the Stars, planets, and so forth. It was the Christians and barbarians which sacked and destroyed all the temples, burned all the scrolls, the aquaducts and many other things. It truley disgusts me.</p>
